CLI settings 260 (#481)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/configuring-mtv-operator.adoc

You can configure the following settings of the {operator-name} using either the CLI or the user interface.

* Maximum number of virtual machines (VMs) per plan that can be migrated simultaneously.
* How long `must gather` reports are retained before being automatically deleted.
* CPU limit allocated to the main controller container.
* Memory limit allocated to the main controller container.
* Interval at which a new snapshot is requested before initiating a warm migration.
* Frequency with which the system checks the status of snapshot creation or removal during a warm migration.
* Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem` (CLI only).
* Fixed amount of additional space allocated in persistent block volumes. This setting is applicable for any `storageclass` that is block-based (CLI only).

> * Configuration map for vSphere source providers (CLI only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuration map of operating systems to preferences for vSphere source providers (CLI only).
```

> * Configuration map for {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers (CLI only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuration map of operating systems to preferences for {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) source providers (CLI only).
```

|`10`

|`controller_filesystem_overhead`
|Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem`. `ForkliftController` CR only.
|`10`

|`controller_block_overhead`
|Fixed amount of additional space allocated in persistent block volumes. This setting is applicable for any `storageclass` that is block-based. It can be used when data, such as encryption headers, is written to the persistent volumes in addition to the content of the virtual disk. `ForkliftController` CR only.
|`0`

|`vsphere_osmap_configmap_name`

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where the {project-short} Operator is deployed (`ForkliftController` CR only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where the {project-short} Operator is deployed.
```
(since you didn't add that part to `ovirt_osmap_configmap_name` below)

Author: @ahadas I did add it -- it's on line 84, but here I left the parentheses on, so i removed them here.

|`10`

|`controller_filesystem_overhead`

> |Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem`.

Reviewer: this one should be `ForkliftController CR only`

|`10`

|`controller_block_overhead`
|Fixed amount of additional space allocated in persistent block volumes. This setting is applicable for any `storageclass` that is block-based. It can be used when data, such as encryption headers, is written to the persistent volumes in addition to the content of the virtual disk.

> |`ForkliftController` CR and *Settings* of the *Overview* page.

Reviewer: also this one and the ones below should be `ForkliftController CR only` (`ForkliftController CR and *Settings* of the *Overview* page` applies to the first entries but you wrote above that this the default unless written otherwise)

|`controller_block_overhead`
|Fixed amount of additional space allocated in persistent block volumes. This setting is applicable for any `storageclass` that is block-based. It can be used when data, such as encryption headers, is written to the persistent volumes in addition to the content of the virtual disk. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.
|`0`

|`vsphere_osmap_configmap_name`

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. An authorized user can, modify, or delete va;ues from the draft settings. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer 2: typo: values

> |Default settings for vSphere source providers

Reviewer 2: the default is:
`forklift-vsphere-osmap`

|`ovirt_osmap_configmap_name`

> |Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. An authorized user can, modify, or delete va;ues from the draft settings. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer 2: typo: values

> |Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. An authorized user can, modify, or delete va;ues from the draft settings. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer 2: i would add what the purpose of the map.
the map will map the incoming operation system of the VM to a fit preference on destination cluster.
the configmap should be in the namespace where forklift deployed (where the forklift-controller is running)

Author: @anarnold97 This is where "operation system" came from -- i have changed it to "operating system". Let me know if I need to make further changes to the text.

> |Default settings for {rhv-short} source providers

Reviewer 2: the default is:
`forklift-ovirt-osmap`

|`controller_block_overhead`
|Fixed amount of additional space allocated in persistent block volumes. This setting is applicable for any `storageclass` that is block-based. It can be used when data, such as encryption headers, is written to the persistent volumes in addition to the content of the virtual disk. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.
|`0`

|`vsphere_osmap_configmap_name`

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operation system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.
```
???

Author: @anarnold97 Based on one of Liran's comments -- I tagged you after the comment so that you can see the context. Meanwhile, I changed "operation" to "operating"

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.
```

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.
```

> |Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for vSphere source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where the {project-short} Operator is deployed. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.
```

To see the list of preferences in your {virt} environment, open the {ocp-name} web console and click *Virtualization* -> *Preferences*.

> An authorized user can overwrite, add, or delete values from the default settings. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer: there are two ways to read this - (1) that the user can modify the specified config map; (2) that the user can modify this setting such that it will point to a different config map
both cases are possible, but which one did you meant here?

Author: I meant the first -- is that correct?

Reviewer: it's correct, both are - but the second is obvious (it wouldn't make sense to have a config value for this if it wasn't possible to update it :) ). ok, I'd suggest to mention the CLI-only part above and be more explicit about referring to the first option here with something like:
```suggestion
An authorized user can overwrite, add, or delete values from the specified configuration map.
```

Author: @ahadas Fixed and also applied to the description of `ovirt_osmap_configmap_name` that follows.

> An authorized user can overwrite, add, or delete values from the specified configuration map.

Reviewer: actually, on a second look - this needs further changes (also below for RHV)
we should say something like this: an authorized user can add values to the configuration map when this configuration has the default value, `forklift-vsphere-osmap`. in order to override or delete values, a configuration map that is different from `forklift-vsphere-osmap` should be specified.

|`forklift-vsphere-osmap`

|`ovirt_osmap_configmap_name`

> |Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operation system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.
```
???

Author: @anarnold97 same as above.

> |Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the incoming operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running.
```

> |Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where `forklift` is deployed, that is, where `forklift-controller` is running. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Configuration map for {rhv-short} source providers. This configuration map maps the operating system of the incoming VM to a {virt} preference name. This configuration map needs to be in the namespace where the {project-short} Operator is deployed. Note, this setting can only be changed using the CLI.
```
